CUT TO LIVE (ORCHESTRA TUNING) (BERNSTEIN ENTERS) (ON CUE)
(APPLAUSE)
(TO PIANO)
(PLAY C)
(PLAY B)
(PLAY 2 NOTES)
(PLAY F#)
(PLAY) (V.O.)
(CONTINUE TO PLAY WITH HARMONY)
(ORK JOINS IN)
(PLAY)
(TO ORK)
(ORK)
(PLAY)
(CHAI 6th ILL)
(ORK)
(ORK) - second time
Haffner Symphony: ready, (ORK) aim,  (ORK) fire!  (ORK)
(PLAY)
WAGNER PRELUDE PROM   "TRISTAN AND ISOLDE"
(ORCHESTRA)
(APPROX 4:30)
(APPLAUSE)
(PLAY)
(ORK - BARS 73-76, CL & BN)
(ORK - BARS 72-76, VLN I, VLA, VC, CB)
(ORK - TUTTI, BARS 72-80)
(ORK - SAME: BN, LOW STR. ONLY)
(ORK - SAME, VLNS ONLY)
(ORK - SAME:  TUTTI)
(ORK - D, OMIT CLS, & STR, TO l66, DBT)
(ORK - D TO 166, CLS. ALONE)
(ORK - ii TO 166, TUTTI, EXCEPT STB.)
TELOP 24  MOZART SYMPHONY #40, IN G MINOR FIRST MOVEMENT  (ORCHESTRA)
(APPROX. 6:00)
(APPLAUSE)
24-A  COMMERCIAL  (6:00)
(PLAY)
(V.O.)
HINDEMITH CONCERT MUSIC FOR STRINGS AND BRASS
(ORCHESTRA)
(APPROX. 4:00)
(APPLAUSE)
(PLAY)
(PLAY WITH HARMONY)
BRAHMS SYMPHONY NO. 4 IN E MINOR FINALS
(ORCHESTRA)
(APPROX. 10.00)
(APPLAUSE)